start writing Documentation (#20)
zephyrproject-rtos/gsoc-2022-arduino-core: README.md

## Arduino Core API module for zephyr

> Arduino Core API module for zephyr leverages the power of Zephyr under an Arduino-C++ style abtraction layer thus helping zephyr new-comers to start using it without worrying about learning about new APIs and libraries. Read this project's [documentation folder](/documentation/) for detailed documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arduino Core API module for zephyr leverages the power of Zephyr under an Arduino-C++ style abtraction layer thus helping zephyr new-comers to start using it without worrying about learning about new APIs and libraries. See the project documentation folder for detailed documentation on these topics:

* [Using external Arduino Libraries](/documentation/arduino_libs.md)
* [Adding board variantks](/documentation/overlays.md)
* [Adding custom boards](/documentation/variants.md)
```

The documentation folder doesn't have a README.md which means linking to it won't render a page. This might be a confusing user experience so I suggest linking explicitly to the available pages.
